# YOUR PROJECT TITLE
#### Video Demo:  <URL https://youtu.be/hgSxgPJRQWc>
#### Description:
The command-line application developed in C represents a sophisticated tool
meticulously crafted to streamline and report fruit sales efficiently. At its
core, the program prioritizes user-friendly interaction by prompting users to
input the quantity of fruits sold for each type, ensuring a seamless and
intuitive experience. Notably, the program incorporates a robust check to ensure
non-negativity and imposes a reasonable limit of 15 fruits per input. This
thoughtful limitation aligns with the available inventory, serving as a crucial
enhancement to prevent users from inadvertently exceeding inventory levels. This
feature contributes significantly to more effective and accurate inventory
management, fostering a sense of reliability and precision in the sales reporting
process.
Moving beyond foundational features, the program integrates advanced
functionalities that elevate its utility and analytical capabilities. One such
feature is the dynamic calculation of revenue and profit for each sale.
Leveraging predefined fruit prices, the application performs real-time
computations to determine the revenue generated from sales. Moreover, the
introduction of a cost assumption factor enables the derivation of profit
figures, offering users a comprehensive financial analysis associated with each
fruit variety. This financial insight is invaluable for businesses seeking to
understand the economic performance of their fruit sales, providing a nuanced
perspective that extends beyond mere quantity metrics.

The culmination of these advanced functionalities is presented through a
meticulously crafted sales report, a hallmark of the program's effectiveness.
This report not only showcases the remaining inventory for each fruit variety, a
practical indicator for inventory replenishment planning, but it also provides a
holistic overview of the sales performance. Total sales and total revenue are
presented alongside a nuanced analysis that pinpoints the highest and lowest
selling products. This structured and insightful report empowers users with swift
access to critical sales performance metrics, facilitating data-driven
decision-making. It serves as a valuable resource for businesses looking to
optimize their inventory, adjust pricing strategies, and capitalize on the
popularity of specific fruit varieties.

In essence, the design and functionality of the program represent a harmonious
fusion of simplicity and practicality. The user-centric approach ensures
accessibility and ease of use, while the incorporation of advanced features
transforms it into a robust analytical tool for the meticulous management of
fruit sales. As businesses navigate the complexities of inventory management and
financial analysis, this command-line application stands as a testament to the
power of efficient coding in providing solutions that are both user-friendly and
analytically potent. Through this program, the management of fruit sales becomes
not just a task but a strategic endeavor guided by actionable insights and
informed decision-making.
